Include workflow for automatic CHANGELOG and version bumps (#913)
w3c/aria-at-app: docs/release.md

# Expected workflow for the development to release process

## Branching strategy

- Checkout the `development` branch after cloning (or forking) the repository

> - Create an appropriately named 'feature', 'hotfix', 'patch', etc branch

Reviewer: It's a little unorthodox to restrict folks' branch names (especially in the ideal case that the pull requests are coming from external forks), but if we want to do this, I think a little more guidance will be necessary.

## Commits

> To easily facilitate CHANGELOG generation, automatic version bumps (using [SEMVER](https://semver.org) - X.Y.Z) and version tagging, commit messages MUST follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) practice, which is used in combination with the GitHub Workflow Action, [TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action](https://github.com/TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action).

Author: ```suggestion
To facilitate CHANGELOG generation, automatic version bumps (using [SEMVER](https://semver.org) - X.Y.Z) and version tagging, commit messages MUST follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) practice, which is used in combination with the GitHub Workflow Action, [TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action](https://github.com/TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action).
```

> To easily facilitate CHANGELOG generation, automatic version bumps (using [SEMVER](https://semver.org) - X.Y.Z) and version tagging, commit messages will HAVE to follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) practice, which is used in combination with the GitHub Workflow Action, [TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action](https://github.com/TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To easily facilitate CHANGELOG generation, automatic version bumps (using [SEMVER](https://semver.org) - X.Y.Z) and version tagging, commit messages MUST follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) practice, which is used in combination with the GitHub Workflow Action, [TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action](https://github.com/TriPSs/conventional-changelog-action).
```

The future tense feels appropriate for a proposal, but it won't fit well when we merge this and the document is active policy. Using "MUST" eliminates the aspirational tone and aligns with the RFC2119 language used elsewhere in the document.

> What this is means is commits intended to automatically update the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/w3c/aria-at-app/blob/development/CHANGELOG.md) and version must be written in a specific format:

Author: ```suggestion
What this means is commits intended to automatically update the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/w3c/aria-at-app/blob/development/CHANGELOG.md) and bump the version must be written in a specific format:
```

> What this is means is that commits intended to automatically update the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/w3c/aria-at-app/blob/development/CHANGELOG.md) and version must be written in a specific format:

Author: ```suggestion
What this is means is commits intended to automatically update the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/w3c/aria-at-app/blob/development/CHANGELOG.md) and version must be written in a specific format:
```

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]
```

Additional examples are available [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#examples).

Generally, commits in the following format will be sufficient:
- `fix: <description>` will increment **PATCH** in X.Y.**Z**
- `feat: <description>` will increment **MINOR** in X.**Y**.Z
- `BREAKING CHANGE: OR '!' after any type/scope, eg. feat!: <description>` will increment **MAJOR** in **X**.Y.Z
  - NOTE: `zsh` users will have to surround commit messages with single quotes (`'<message>'`) instead of double quotes (`"<message>"`), as `!` is a special modifier for `zsh`

> **NOTE:** This doesn't mean is that ALL commits have to be written in this way, explained in [Merging Pull Request](#merging-pull-request).

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** This doesn't mean ALL commits have to be written this way, explained in [Merging Pull Request](#merging-pull-request).
```
